hi guys and welcome to another vlog on
my channel bits and eighty-seven now
we're going to discuss in a few things
which have been going on the past couple
of days if you know I'm part of the
unlock MLS Cup I'm started good boot of
facial hair as well a lot of people are
saying look at them eyebrows bits and
I'm like yeah pretty fucking sweet so
I'm pride in my eyebrows of Sandy out of
the Aussie it was a program i love to
watch when I was a lot younger Marissa
and your son Sunday just kind of the
other guys it was really good sure
though I watched every single episode
and it was a shame it finished so I did
discuss in the last time I did a vlog
about Hamilton out of a fifa 14 footage
now I've tried getting some today at
kick TV but I've struggled like shit to
get it I have got a team ready to build
but well a team built ready to use or
virtually I can get any recordings
poplar can edited properly as my mic has
packed in so I can't even do
commentaries on that so you guys are
gonna have to put up with this it's my
face a vlog in this new york city hotel
room am at the springhill summit i think
it's the marriott hotel in midtown
Manhattan so what i'ma do today is
discuss what's happened so far in the
week since last time I spoke to you so I
went to Boston wins it again we discuss
at in the last episode we got shirt and
stuff like that and then I flew to New
York City on Monday and an hour day
arrived nepenthez arrived as well sameen
f-14 look around New York Howard Philip
found New York and I've you like I've
been to New York you'll understand where
I'm coming from I'm from a small town in
kendall well I'm from a small town cold
kindle income via it's really small when
I walked out the doors in of this hotel
room to walk outside and go for a walk
around the arc I got lost after two
blocks that's pretty shit I'm not only
did I get lost but I got pretty scared
like
little girl I turned round I walk back
to hotel who might hit myself in my
hotel room until nepenthez about didn't
mean him when ended us out of the same
thing but I have found a german pub I
went to gamescom I wanted to try laws of
traditional German stuff while in
Germany but far that never happened but
go ahead in this german pub I was able
to try a Steiner which is like a liter I
think it's a liter full of lager and it
was oktoberfest language really nice
soft pretty fucking pretty fucking sober
not gonna not going to tell you the
truth but yeah I was pretty sober and
they also had some German sausage as
well not the sausage which you guys are
thinking out I don't know what you guys
are thinking he had it in his book I
never had it in my bum I would never let
a sausage climb up on it's just not 1am
things and see I went to New York
enjoyed that we then melt with the kick
TV crew noun it locks he has organized
all of this unlock mls cup hits where
all the youtubers playing you should
know about it now if you don't go into
cupcakes channel all of our games which
have been played are going on that
channel to answer all do with youtubers
like japes net cow fans vs. weepy let's
watch that that's what I got a real
smell my fierce watching the Jesse and
we appeal about and I'm just being
chilling out in New York really hoping
try the delicacies which are no new york
is quite a nice it's a nice place I far
i was looking at the Empire State
Building I was told it was the Chrysler
Building so that's how much of an idiot
I am when it comes to shit like this so
that's me being a tourist i'm from a
small place and that's what happened so
on the thought there was this monday
yeah so on tuesday we actually went to
the place was it yeah tuesday we went to
keep TV studios when everyone was there
it absolutely packed what I thought in
my head was a kick TV was quite small
operation but after going into the
offices and meeting everybody in there
and seeing the facilities which they're
working it's a massive organization
really top quality as well they've got a
studio which got green screen and do
alive sure where they discuss the
goings-on in football matches before and
after comedy no I managed to
bump knuckles were people they made on
nicholes he bumped knuckles know it is
but I didn't manage to meet him as well
as Hugh is he I had an awesome
conversation with Hugh through the day
and it was nice seeing seeing stuff from
different peoples perspective especially
Hughes because Hugh's got a massive head
of hair if I could be like that have
hair what kind of her go I've got hair
sale fucking bald but he's half I'm not
honestly best hair I have ever seen him
i could buy a wig and have the facial
hair like him i will be privileged so
speaking to Hugh speaking to Chris near
and all do a guy some kick we bumped
into to sinker here now as well so
currently asthma cotton this to sink net
and me Oh in New York we've been chillin
with them especially a matt and chris i
went to the studio today while they
played they gave me as a super fun and
so that takes was on to wednesday which
was team a week now usually I would do a
stream on team of the week i would love
in a focal other packs and we would get
some in farms but I opened on phone and
I managed to get info I wasn't actually
get a phone out and an open up actress
here draw see a mobile phone pack
opening I do believe I do believe that
I'm gonna do a pack up and while I
discuss some stuff so I'll set this up
and talk to you a bit map so on
Wednesday it was the in farm scene in
for nailed or second in pharma grabber
second him farm now and down skier
inform Benzema now I'm gonna make up for
me and my lack of footage and my lack of
content on Monday soon as I get back on
monday i'll be back on that horse i'm
building insane squads as you know best
possible squads the ones i'm missing
from the weekend i will make it all
tyranny liable to see that then so i'm
actually logged on to the app now let's
go on to the star all right don't even
see that so let's do a good pack of him
and okay so you thought ly ly can see in
the background what we do get in the
pack there was that name huh oh my
fucking god oh my fucking god lads who
does it's got name our in a pack oh my
god is that the best is are the best
ever farm park you of sinning your wife
I am done I am completely done I think
it's a good look channel yes whatever of
the s wine phone cover so yeah that's
actually cheap you up because data epic
this is the best vlog I have everything
in my life close up as well as pretty
pretty full in your face on it oh i
think what i do now guys I'm actually
going to cook the vlogger there cuz that
was epic and then we'll reconvene on
Saturday well this goes the second part
we went to New York Red Bulls game got a
bit of memorabilia if you didn't know
kick TV actually sorted me out with a
shirt as well and with that that's
pretty awesome ability can see if it
looks reversed it's a bit schnitzel on
the back and i'll just go sin that so
make sure you smash that like button
subscribe not subscribe comment section
below about that name our pack what the
fuck live reaction as well GG and I'll
see all of you guys on saturday and
sunday so thanks for putting up for this
do apologize for like a Content book
what else can you do your new york city
and you're just not prepared an
especially with stuff breaking down left
right and center and all right see in a
bit bye bye
Mountain you
jus of dreams
you